Jessica Filippelli 
40046560 
CART 263 - Project One

The reason behind the flat design of the mountain, rock and grass is because I wanted to get back in to that style of designing since I have not done flat design in a while. I decided to make the project a question and answer interactive experience because I thought it would be fun to challenge myself and see how far I can get with the functionalities of the game. The goal of the project would be that hopefully the users will end up thinking about Sisyphus and that the users use a bit of mental effort to answer the questions. I hoping that the users really take the game serious and read the questions and try to find the answer to see what the game does.
I thought the aspect of having a flat background with a mountain, the rock and the grass along side the questions and answers part to be not enough, there needed to be something else. There needed to be more interaction. It was way to static. So that is where the rock movement comes into play. 
I added the question in the corner because there was nothing in the right side besides blue sky, so it was the perfect space to add the question. I had the question and the yes or no buttons at the bottom of the page but a user would have to scroll a bit to see them so I added the question to the open space so I could avoid the scroll because I did not want the users to scroll to see the question. I found it was unnecessary. I ended up putting the yes or no buttons at the bottom because I honestly liked it better on the grass than under the question. 
The story of Sisyphus is that he rolls the rock up the mountain and it keeps rolling down which makes him rolls the rock up the mountain forever. I made it that every time the user gets a question right the rock moves up the mountain which represents Sisyphus rolling the rock up the mountain and if a user gets a question wrong the rock moves down the hill which will represent the failure of Sisyphus getting the rock up the mountain. The part that the users will not know is that the questions will loop on forever and in the end the game never ends and no one wins, and no user will get the rock up the hill just like Sisyphus. Another interesting fast is that when the rock reaches the top of the mountain the rock will go back to the bottom and you start the game over. There is no pop up saying “you win” because you did not win. A user will not know if or when they win. This feature is like Sisyphus rolling up the mountain forever. 
I added the sound when a user gets a question right because I found it fitting when a user gets a question right they get rewarded with a nice “yay you got the answer right” sound and when a user gets a question wrong it is the opposite sound effect, like a “aww you got that wrong”. The reasons behind this is because it gives the project a little extra interaction with the user. It is the game telling the user that they got the answer right or wrong. It is like the game is talking to the user. With out the sound the project was somewhat static, it almost made the project a bit boring. People are not going to expect the music. The music is like a little surprise for the users. I found both of the audio files on YouTube Studios. It is free music and sounds effects that people can use in their work.    