Jessica Filippelli - 40046560
CART 263 – Project two Response 

YouTube Madness

After I read the article that was assigned, my though process for this project was to showcase parts of the internet that seems (to me and the article) that is the most popular and how it can bombard a person weather you are a child a teen or an adult, with information. That part of the internet is YouTube. The information that is showcased can be either for fun like a comedy stretch or information based on which toy or makeup product to buy, or for an academic purpose. Not all the videos under these sections are information based, some od just for fun, you do not learn anything that will help you. This information can be uploaded by everyone. There are a lot of different opinions and intakes of different subjects. 

It is the viewers decision whether or not to access that information or not. The aspect is a part of my project. If the user had enough of clicking one of the three zones they can stop and click another zone and if they had enough of the whole thing, with help from anagan the user can say “stop the madness” and everything stops, meaning everything clears from the screen aspect the three zones.   

What I decided to do to create the representation of a person being bombard with information is to create three “zones” the zones are represented by three clowns because I want there to a main focus point and I wanted each zone to standout. So, the users will know where to click. I wanted to put three different images but I find that they will get lost in all the other random images on the screen and then the users will not know where to click. Each zone is a section of YouTube. The sections that I pin pointed is the toy section, the makeup section and the academic section. 

To get the “madness” I made each zone into an array of images and overtime when a user clicks on one, the image that represent the image will shake and an image that represents that zone will pop up on the screen in a random location on the screen. Sometime one images will pop up, sometime ten. The range of images that will pop up is one to ten. 

The article talks about there being something wrong with the internet and the design style is inspired by that. The project, looks like it is not done, which means that there is something wrong with it, just like the internet. The other elements that make this project “not done” is that the three main images to click are not fully center and the fonts look like placement fonts. 

For the anagan voice command, there are three phrases to say and a set of images will pop up. 1) “dogs and makeup” 2) “tools and toys” and 3) “cars and education”. Basically, images of dogs, tools and cars will appear. The main reason behind these phrases is to showcase, that there is aspect of YouTube that are said to be for each zone but are not really for each zone. Under each YouTube section the users in real life do get bombard with a lot of useless information in that section. So, when a user says “dogs and makeup” an image of a red X will pop up meaning to say that that’s not makeup.  

For the audio part of the project: when a user clicks on each of the main zone buttons, which are the three clowns. I wanted each of the sounds to be different and random. The first one is a cat’s purr, the second one is a long YouTube title and the last one is a music sound track. The first and last are audio clips and the second will say a long YouTube title for makeup, which the help of responsive voice (which is this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8gk1j_Pr2U). The reason to have each audio part different is to create more madness. It makes me feel like a person was testing different type of audio to see which one is the better fit for each zone. Also, when you click the background another long YouTube title will speak with the help of more responsive voice. (This time it is this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouUaxWVJNSI)
 
For the images, I removed the background and some I just took part of the image.

(All the audio was taken from the YouTube sound library, where users can take audio for free and use it in their projects. And all images are from google search and unsplash)

Unsplash images I used 
https://unsplash.com/photos/FoeIOgztCXo
https://unsplash.com/photos/QNWLBff7f9M
https://unsplash.com/photos/P_gQpl-a_R4
